Update ChromeOS installation instructions (#8304)
flutter/website: src/get-started/install/_android-setup-chromeos.md

### Install Android Studio

 1. Download and install [Android Studio]({{site.android-dev}}/studio/install#chrome-os).
 1. Start Android Studio, and go through the 'Android Studio Setup Wizard'.
    This installs the latest Android SDK, platform tools and build tooling
    which are required by Flutter when developing for Android.
 1. From the welcome dialog, choose More Actions / SDK Manager.
    From the SDK Tools tab, select Android SDK Command-line Tools (latest) to
    install additional necessary tooling.
 1. Accept Android licenses.

 ```terminal
$ flutter doctor --android-licenses
```

### Deploy to your Chromebook

To deploy apps directly to your Chromebook, you need to do the following:

>  1. [Enable ADB][] in Settings. Note that this will require you to reboot your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. [Enable ADB][] in Settings. Note that this requires you to reboot your
```
